Update doc to specify Azure environment name (#44)
Azure/kubelogin: README.md

kubelogin remove-tokens
```

## Azure Environment

`kubelogin` supports Azure Environments:

* AzurepublicCloud (default value)
* AzureChinaCloud
* AzureUSGovernmentCloud
* AzureStackCloud

You can specify `--environment` for `kubelogin convert-kubeconfig`.

> Azure Stack has different API endpoints, depending on the Azure Stack deployment. To run kubelogin in Azure Stack environment, you need to specify `--environment AzureStackCloud` and an environment variable `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT_FILEPATH` which contains the path to the file to be used while populating the Azure Stack Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `AzureStackCloud` you will need to specify the actual endpoints in a config file similar to [this](https://github.com/Azure/go-autorest/blob/master/autorest/azure/testdata/test_environment_1.json), and set the environment variable `AZURE_ENVIRONMENT_FILEPATH` to that file.
```
